Added warnings about namespaces for categories where wasn't showen (#103)
LoneDev6/Wiki-ItemsAdder: plugin-usage/adding-content/font-images/placeholders.md

:offset_25:
```

> As you can see you have to write `:offset_`**`AMOUNT`**`:` (without spaces).\
> Changing `height` you can right in font_image config with `y` value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As you can see you have to write `:offset_`**`AMOUNT`**`:` (without spaces).\
If you would like to change the image's height, you will need to change it's y value.\
This is located in the image's configuration.
```

Author: Thats not important as its only the reminder they may miss on reading the font_images category
